For $1 million post taxes re-investment, then need 3750 SOL total or 957 more SOL. Forget 1000 SOL, my position is 90% set. Don’t force this trade. Take comfort in that I likely wont get 1000 SOL, but I will still have about $1 million post taxes and liabilities if follow plan. 1 year from now, I’ll have been happy to have left my job with $1 million in my pocket as opposed to being devastated if I screwed it up and had to work. If I get the money early from trading, then can quit early.

I now need about 4000 SOL total for my $1million goal because I fucked up LT cap gains.

‌

ACTIONS

- **Invest cash**, after payoff landscape, deck skirting, air filtration, and set aside money for retainers and teeth whitening, then invest cash.
- **Leverage SOL:** When 15 M C/OT/MR or 2 H C/OT are buy signals or SOL is < $142, Then leverage 1000 SOL at 3.3x. When first 15 M sell trigger (C or MR), then close position. Repeat with winnings, until end of year.
- Once 4000 total SOL, then…
  - buy .6 BTC?
  - keep 20% or 800 SOL as HODL bag?
  - Sell 1000 SOL once over $200, and buy TSLA

‌

Below strategy doesn’t work because you have to pay back the total SOL borrowed, not the original borrow price. [https://discord.com/channels/804476297903997001/805586497553825813/1257860901416075315](https://discord.com/channels/804476297903997001/805586497553825813/1257860901416075315 "smartCard-inline")

1. When 15 M C/OT/MR or 2 H C/OT are buy signals or SOL is < $142,
   1. Then use 1000 SOL to borrow max SOL from SOLEnd.
      1. When first 2 H sell trigger (C or MR), then repay loan.
      2. Repeat with winnings, until end of year.

‌

**1000 SOL MISSION**

- **Borrow**: Borrow SOL from SOLEnd.
  - When FED announces rate cut
    - 2000 SOL: 50% gain for 1000 SOL
      - Collateral: 3300 SOL
      - If price doubles, then 1484 gain
    - 1500 SOL: 67% gain for 1000 SOL
      - Collateral: 2475 SOL
      - If price doubles, then 1236 gain
    - 1250 SOL: 80% gain for 1000 SOL
      - Collateral: 2063 SOL
      - If price doubles, then 1236 gain
    - 1000 SOL: 100% gain for 1000 SOL
      - Collateral: 1650 SOL
      - If price doubles, then 989 gain

[https://chatgpt.com/c/13831bbf-64b3-4508-b183-cc236a197637](https://chatgpt.com/c/13831bbf-64b3-4508-b183-cc236a197637 "smartCard-inline")

OPTIONS

- **Options**: Check options for SOL price dec & match most popular price minus 1
  - Complex and inexperienced.
- **Margin**: Upcoming bullish news like FED cutting interest rates.
  - 2 x 1000 SOL at 3.3x
  - 1 x 1000 SOL at 3.3x - 6.6x
  - Buy and sell on TA.
- **Hold**: In Nov/Dec sell $140k of SOL, then sell remaining SOL in March 2025
- **Staking**: Stake all SOL for 6 months
  - Staking for 6 months yields approx. 180 tokens at 12% APY
  - Additional taxes.
- **Loan**: Take out an additional loan
- **Cash**: Buy with cash.
  - After payoff landscape, deck skirting, air filtration, and set aside money for retainers and teeth whitening, then invest cash.

‌

NOTES:

- IA: “We can pretty much bank on a September rate cut… I do expect something to break. The banking system is literally hanging by a thread.” [Does not think the market is going to crash.] July 15 is approx 90 days after halving so miners should stop dumping and MT.gox, german gov done. 46min [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_SbLbc3c0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_SbLbc3c0 "smartCard-inline")  26 min